Future Clear Monkey

high

# K can be 0 or 1e18

dian.ivanov

high
# K can be 0 or 1e18

## Summary
Inconsistency and Potential Issue in GSP Contract's Initialization of Parameter K:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L57

## Vulnerability Detail
In the GSP contract's init function, there is an inconsistency between the comment and the actual check for the k parameter. The comment suggests that k should be greater than 0 and less than 1e18. However, the implemented check only ensures k is less than or equal to 1e18, allowing k to be 0 or 10**18. This discrepancy could lead to unintended behavior or vulnerabilities in the contract's functionality especially in the library PMMPricing where k is critical for the getMidPrice function and the library DODOMath where k is critically important.

## Impact
Allowing k to be 0 or 10e18, despite the comment suggesting otherwise, might lead to scenarios not accounted for in the contract logic.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
...
contract GSP is GSPTrader, GSPFunding {
    ...
    function init(
        address maintainer,
        address baseTokenAddress,
        address quoteTokenAddress,
        uint256 lpFeeRate,
        uint256 mtFeeRate,
        uint256 i,
        uint256 k,
        bool isOpenTWAP
    ) external {
        ...
        // k should be greater than 0 and less than 10**18
        require(k <= 10**18);
        _K_ = k;
        ...
}

```
## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure consistency between the comment and the implemented logic. If k is intended to be strictly greater than 0 and less than 1e18, update the require statement to reflect this. Consider revising the comment if the current implementation aligns with the intended functionality. Additionally, evaluate the implications of k being 0 or 1e18 in the contract's logic and address potential vulnerabilities or logical errors that might arise from these edge cases.