Clumsy Dijon Halibut

medium

# Centralization Risk in `InitializableOwnable` Contract

## Summary

The `InitializableOwnable` contract creates centralization risks by relying solely on the `onlyOwner()` modifier and allowing the contract owner to transfer ownership without a comprehensive governance framework.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `InitializableOwnable` contract uses the `onlyOwner()` modifier to limit access to certain functions to only the contract's owner. 

For instance, the `onlyOwner()` modifier is applied to functions like `transferOwnership()`, which permits the current owner to transfer ownership without needing a multi-signature or timelock mechanism.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L47-L50](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L47-L50)
```solidity
File: dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol

47:    function transferOwnership(address newOwner) public onlyOwner { //@audit : Centralization risk
48:        emit OwnershipTransferPrepared(_OWNER_, newOwner);
49:        _NEW_OWNER_ = newOwner;
50:    }
```
## Impact

The use of `onlyOwner()` modifier and immediate ownership change can introduce centralization risk with significant implications.

- Centralized control can compromise decentralization and security, as the contract owner can unilaterally control critical functions, such as `transferOwnership()`.
- The absence of multi-signature or timelock mechanisms means that critical changes can occur instantly, with little opportunity for verification or intervention by the protocol or community.

## Code Snippet

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L47-L50](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L47-L50)

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L35-L38](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/InitializableOwnable.sol#L35-L38)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. It is important to establish a comprehensive governance framework that includes multi-signature or timelock mechanisms for critical ownership changes. This ensures that important decisions require consensus and cannot be executed unilaterally.
2. It is advisable to expand access control mechanisms to promote a more decentralized governance model, rather than relying solely on the `onlyOwner()` modifier.