Upbeat Cream Rook

medium

# DODOMath.sol/DecimalMath.sol - Lower decimals tokens could face rounding errors

## Summary
The protocols aknowledges some weird token behaviors, but in their calculations and math libraries they have not accounted for the potential discrepancies that lower decimal tokens (6 or less) can face and potentially harm users.

## Vulnerability Detail
Big decimal differences between token reserves and the storage variables used by the PMM could cause rounding errors even when using the ``DecimalMath`` functions. These issues are most notable with tokens with 2 decimals like GUSD, EURS (stable coins that would be eligible for usage with the protocol), but depending on the value of the ``_I_`` parameter, even 6 decimal tokens (USDC) could be harmed by the error.
``GSPFunding.sol`` - when buying LP shares the first depositor (totalSupply = 0) the contract takes the smaller value between the sent base token and quote token. Depending on the pool, if the base token is the low decimal ERC20, there would be no problem. But if the quote token is the low decimal ERC20, the expression ``DecimalMath.divFloor(quoteBalance, _I_)`` is prone to rounding down to 0 and minting 0 shares. Such pools with low decimal quote tokens will all be prone to almost unmintable shares in case the ``_I_`` value is greater than 1e21. For minting shares with totalSupply>1, the input ratio with the low decimal token would always be smaller than it's counterpart, resulting in minescule amounts of shares minted.
``PMMPricing.sol`` - there are several places where factors like the value of ``_I_`` and ``_K_`` could lead to rounding errors:
1. ``adjustedTarget()`` when the R state is above_one and we call ``_SolveQuadraticFunctionForTarget()``. The V1 would be the base token with the higher decimals, probably 18, the delta would be the quote tokens, 2 decimals. The i passed to the function is actually derived from ``reciprocalFloor()`` which would mean the higher the value of ``_I_`` the lower decimals the reciprocal would have. Paired up with a potential low ``_K_`` value we could very well see a rounding error if the decimals of i+k+2 is less than 18. The calculation is question is ``sqrt =((ki * delta) / V1  + DecimalMath.ONE2).sqrt()``, meaning that sqrt=DecimalMath.ONE, thus ``uint256 premium = DecimalMath.divFloor(sqrt - DecimalMath.ONE, k * 2) + DecimalMath.ONE``, leading to a premium of only 1.
2. ``_RAboveSellQuoteToken`` - selling a low decimal quote token to a high decimal base token would mess up the calculation of the amount out. From here we enter ``_SolveQuadraticFunctionForTrade()`` where V0 and V1 have 18 decimals, delta has 2, i is using it's reciprocal value thus it could be as low as 1 and k<=18 decimals. In this function we check the cases where K is either 0 or 1. The case where K is 18 decimals (=1) we have ``temp = (idelta * V1) / (V0 * V0);`` where if i*delta is less than 1e18 we are rounding down and the returned amount would be 0. In the case where K is 0 we have ``return DecimalMath.mulFloor(i, delta) > V1 ? V1 : DecimalMath.mulFloor(i, delta);``, where the mulFloor() function will round down to 0 since it multiplies the 2 parameters and divides them by 1e18, thus again returning 0 and not swapping any tokens.

## Impact
Potential usage of some pools with low decimal stable coins would either be unusable under certain parameters or hardly usable, due to great rounding discrepancies. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L56-L61
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/PMMPricing.sol#L218-L233
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/DODOMath.sol#L58-L89
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/DODOMath.sol#L116-L191
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/lib/PMMPricing.sol#L237-L253

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A good practice when dealing many tokens facing different decimals is to equalize them, usually done with 18 decimals. All of the operations involving swapping or minting shares would first have the inputted amount converted to 18 decimals before calculations and then the output amount would be brought back to the output decimals.
