Shaggy Cloud Porpoise

high

# Functions buyShares, sellBase, or sellQuote expect that corresponding tokens have already be sent to the contract.

## Summary
Traders and liquidity providers who directly use an EOA face the risk of losing the tokens they have sent. This is because GSP assumes that the tokens are already sent to the contract when any of the functions — buyShares, sellBase, or sellQuote - is executed.

## Vulnerability Detail
Users (traders or liquidity providers), must transfer their base or quote tokens in a seperate transaction before initiating the subsequent functions:
* [buyShares](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L31)
* [sellBase](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L40)
* [sellQuote](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L79)

Given that the contract's code do not impose restrictions on the utilization of these functions to smart contracts in general or a router contract specifically, any user utilizing an externally owned address (EOA) could also employ these entry points to acquire LP shares or to sell base or quote tokens.

Users utilizing an EOA to engage with the aforementioned functions face a significant risk of losing their sent base or quote tokens. This is due to the possibility that another transaction executed between the user's token transfer and their call to the listed transaction above have the capability to consume/steal these tokens.

Such a situation could occur unintentionally or intentionally. The latter one for example, by block producers or sequencers extracting these tokens by inserting their own transactions.

## Impact
Traders and LPs who directly use an EOA risk losing the tokens they have sent.

## Code Snippet
None.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider one of the two recommendations:
1) Iniitiate the base and quote token transfer by the GSP contract itself.
2) Implement checks to disallow interactions with the contract from EOA by either restricting access to smart contracts in general or specifically to a router contract if that is the intended purpose.