Magnificent Vanilla Capybara

medium

# Attacker can manipulate reserves to mint fewer shares in buyShares() function

## Summary
In the buyShares function, shares are minted based on the minimum mintRatio out of the 2 assets, and these mintRatio are calculated based on current reserves, but there is no slippage check on the minimum amount of shares the user wants to receive.

## Vulnerability Detail
Amount of shares to be minted is calculated from the [current reserves](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L68), and the lesser amount of shares is minted. So even if the user provides equal amounts of both assets as a double-sided LP, even then there is a possibility of minting way lower shares than deserved due to the fact that the reserves of both assets may not be equal.

Added to that, there is no minShares check to ensure the user gets at least a minimum no. of shares to account for any slippage. So if the reserves get manipulated (simply imbalanced by swaps frontrunning the user's buyShares call) then the buyShares function will simply mint the lower no. of shares out of the two mintRatios and keep the rest of the assets that the user provided and will not return the remaining amount of asset (of the asset that had the greater mintRatio), this extra assets will simply go to the reserves.

This can be used by an attacker to frontrun user's LP deposits and make them mint lower than deserved shares, while allowing infinite slippage, and making the extra assets simply go to the reserves. 

## Impact
The loss of funds for the LP, with infinite slippage allowed. The larger the LP deposit, the larger the loss might be. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L68

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a minSharesOut parameter to the buyShares function and check against it after calculating the shares amount, so that users can ensure a minimum no. of shares they want to receive.