Careful Cobalt Millipede

high

# sellBase() and sellQuote() functions doesn't handle the slippage check which can leads to loss of user funds

## Summary
in GSPTrader.sol i found that the swap functions i.e sellBase() and sellQuote() functions are not handling the slippage check which can lead to slippage attack,in such case user can lose funds/tokens

## Vulnerability Detail
[GSPTrader.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol) handles the swap.it has two functions for swap i.e `sellBase()` and `sellQuote()` which returns quote token and vice versa.but here, this functions are missing the slippage check which can leads to loss of user funds(refer POC).contract should allow users to specify a slippage parameter like `minTokensOut` minimum amount of output tokens to be received from the swap, such that the swap will revert if it wouldn't return the user-specified minimum amount of output tokens.

#### POC
->Alice initiates a transaction to sell a large amount of base tokens. The transaction is broadcasted to the Ethereum network but is not yet included in a block.
-> Bob, an attacker, sees Alice's transaction in the mempool. Bob creates a transaction to buy a large amount of base tokens, effectively increasing the price of the base token. Bob sets a higher gas price for his transaction to ensure it gets mined before Alice's transaction.
-> Bob's transaction is mined first, increasing the price of the base token.
-> Alice's transaction is then mined. However, because the price of the base token has increased, Alice receives less quote tokens than she expected.
-> Bob then sells the base tokens he bought, profiting from the price increase caused by Alice's transaction.


## Impact
Trades can happen at a bad price and lead to receiving fewer tokens than at a fair market price. The attacker's profit is the protocol's loss

## Code Snippet
[SellBase()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L40C5-L72C6)

[SellQuote()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L79C4-L113C6)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Recommend adding a minimum amount out parameter. The function should revert if the minimum amount isn’t obtained.