Magnificent Vanilla Capybara

medium

# In case of a hardfork on any chain, the permit functionality will be bricked/ signature replay risk

## Summary
The permit functionality is bricked following a hardfork of a chain or signature may be replayable.

## Vulnerability Detail
If there is ever a hardfork for Ethereum/ any other chains this is deployed on, then DOMAIN_SEPARATOR value may become invalid. This is because the chainId parameter is computed in constructor, and the domain separator is hardcoded using this chainID. 
Permit messages signed after this hardfork will use a new chainID, while in the verification and address recovery process in GSPVault.sol's permit function, we use the hardcoded Domain separator forever.

Even though unlikely, there is always a possibility of a chain being hard forked, it has happened with Ethereum in the past. And the impact will be high because this will completely brick the permit functionality. Also consider that the GSP is going to be deployed on so many different chains, this increases the overall likelihood.
 
In case the chainID remains same after hardfork, then every signature will be usable in both forks, thus allowing attacker to get approval of user's shares maliciously. 

## Impact
Permit functionality might get bricked forever. In the other case of chainID staying the same after hardfork, this will open up signature replay attacks as the signature generated on 1 chain can now be used on both the chains. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L86

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using the [implementation](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/abcf9dd8b78ca81ac0c3571a6ce9831235ff1b4c/contracts/utils/cryptography/EIP712.sol#L88) from OpenZeppelin, which recalculates the domain separator if the current block.chainid is not the cached chain ID.