Gigantic Ivory Reindeer

medium

# Risk of reuse of signatures across forks due to lack of chain ID validation

## Summary

The `permit` function in the GSPVault contract implements EIP-2612 functionality, allowing users to modify the allowance mapping using a signed message rather than relying solely on the msg.sender. However, the way it handles the chainID presents a potential security vulnerability.

## Vulnerability Detail

The chainID is included in the `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR`. And it is only initialized once and cannot be reinitialized, so the chainID remains fixed.

GSP.sol
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L80-L96

However, In the event of a post-deployment hard fork of the chain, the chain ID cannot be updated, and signatures may be replayed across both versions of the chain.

## Impact
This can lead to signature reuse attack. Here is an exploit scenario :
Bob holds tokens worth $1,000 on the mainnet. Bob submits a signature to permit Eve to spend those tokens on his behalf. Later, the mainnet is hard-forked and retains the same chain ID. As a result, there are two parallel chains with the same chain ID, and Eve can use Bob’s signature to transfer funds on both chains.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPVault.sol#L311-L346

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L80-L96
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Possible solutions : 
- Either compute the `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR` with the latest chainID each time `permit` is called.
- Like Openzeppelin, compute the `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR` and cache the chainID at the time of initialization. On each `permit` call, check if chainID != cachedChainID, then recompute the `DOMAIN_SEPARATOR`.