Wobbly Tawny Canary

high

# Lack of chainID validation allows signatures to be re-used

## Summary

The `GSPVault.sol` contract uses ERC2612 Permit functionality as shown in the Code Snippet section. 
These signatures used in calls to permit in ERC20Permit do not account for chain splits. Moreover, this project will work with different chains, and not considering it in the `permit` function can cause signature reply.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `chainID` is included in the domain separator. However, it is not included in the signed data as part of the permit call. This chainID is fixed in the `init()` function of the `GSP.sol` contract:

```solidity
        uint256 chainId;
        assembly {
            chainId := chainid()
        }
        // DOMAIN_SEPARATOR is used for approve by signature
        DOMAIN_SEPARATOR = keccak256(
            abi.encode(
                // keccak256('EIP712Domain(string name,string version,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)'),
                0x8b73c3c69bb8fe3d512ecc4cf759cc79239f7b179b0ffacaa9a75d522b39400f,
                keccak256(bytes(name)),
                keccak256(bytes("1")),
                chainId,
                address(this)
            )
        );
```

In the event of a post-deployment chain hard fork, the `chainID` cannot be updated, and signatures may be replayed across both versions of the chain. As a result, an attacker could reuse signatures to receive user funds on both chains. If a change in the `chainID` is detected, the domain separator can be cached and regenerated. Alternatively, instead of regenerating the entire domain separator, the chainID can be included in the schema of the signature passed to the permit function.

## Impact

The impact of this issue is significant, potentially leading to the exploitation of user funds in the event of a chain split or hard fork. The protocol's use of ERC2612 Permit functionality lacks protection against chain splits, as the `chainID` is included in the domain separator during contract deployment but not included in the signed data during permit calls.

In the context of a post-deployment chain hard fork, where a subset of the community does not implement the upgrade, two parallel chains with the same `chainID` variable can exist. This creates an opportunity for malicious actors to replay valid signatures across both versions of the chain.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPVault.sol#L311-L345

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Include the `chainID` opcode in the permit schema. This will make replay attacks impossible in the event of a post-deployment hard fork and working with different chains. The better secure way is using newer versions of `ERC20Permit.sol` that is solving this issue by the `_hashTypedDataV4` function, which is getting `chainID` every time calling the function.

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/extensions/ERC20Permit.sol