Bitter White Ape

high

# First Depositor Can Inflate Share Value to Cause Extreme Rounding Loss And Prohibitively Expensive Mints

## Summary

The first depositor can mint shares then inflate the value of the shares by depositing tokens and then `sync` the balance to the internal accounting of the system. This will lead to severe rounding losses such as in the `sellShares` function meaning that users get significantly less than they should, and is especially punishing for early withdrawers.

Another way it can be used is to make the first depositor mint `0` shares.

## Vulnerability Detail

_Note: the well known ERC4626 inflation frontrunning attack sequence where attacker mints 1 share and victimn gets 0 shares does not work because victims transaction will revert if they don't mint more than 1000 shares. This is a different variation on that concept._

If the first deposit using `buyShares`, the logic in the `if (totalSupply == 0)` is executed. Consider the situation when the `shares = quoteBalance < DecimalMath.mulFloor(baseBalance, _I_)` is false. Then, the shares will be set to the baseBalance.

This means that the value of a share would have the same decimal denomination as a the `baseToken`. Since the value of 1 wei of baseToken is small, the rounding of both shares and baseToken will be insignificant in future calculations.

Note that the minimum amount of shares minted is `1000`, but this number can actually by reduced/bypassed by first depositing with `buyShares` and then withdrawing with `sellShares`.

Lets say that the attacker mints 1000 shares and then withdraws such that there is only `1` share left. Then, they can deposit `1e20` of tokens to the  `GSPFunding` contract and then call `sync` to make the donated tokens apply to the internal accounting. Thus the `1` share is worth `1e20` base tokens and the corresponding quote tokens. Lets say the base token is DAI, which has 18 decimals and each token after decimal scaling is $1. `1e20` DAI = $100. They also donate the matching amount of quote token. This would mean that there is up to $200 USD of rounding error (1 share is $100 DAI and $100 worth of quote token) per withdrawal. Note that in this scenario the cost of the attacker's donation was $200.

The rounding loss comes in these lines:

```solidity
baseAmount = baseBalance * shareAmount / totalShares;

quoteAmount = quoteBalance * shareAmount / totalShares;
```

This also means that with $200 per share the minimum mint (which is 1000 shares) becomes $200,000 which is far too much for most users do deposit.

The alternate way to use a first-deposit donation attack is to frontrun the first depositor. This is the sequence of steps:

## Impact

First depositor can manipulate the share price to have inflated value rather than matching the base/quote token values. This can lead to extreme rounding errors when `sellShares` is called leading to loss of funds for users. 

The profit incentive for the attacker is that the lost lost withdrawals end up distributed to existing stakers as the share reduction is not matched with the corresponding quote and base token reduction. Since the attacker is aware of the share inflation they caused themselves, they can tailor their share withdrawal amounts to never have any rounding loss.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L56-L65

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There could be a virtual share and asset offset as implemented in a fix to a similar attack on ERC4626 vaults: https://blog.openzeppelin.com/a-novel-defense-against-erc4626-inflation-attacks