Massive Fern Bobcat

high

# Zero Shares Acquisition Vulnerability in `GSPFunding.sol` Due to Front-Running

## Summary
In the `GSPFunding.sol` contract, the `buyShares` function is vulnerable to a front-running attack that can result in users receiving zero shares despite supplying a significant amount of base and quote tokens. This vulnerability stems from the ability of any user to call the `sync` function in `GSPVault.sol`, which synchronizes the reserves with the current token balances.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `buyShares` function calculates the number of shares to be allocated to a user based on the difference between the current token balances and the stored reserves (`_BASE_RESERVE` and `_QUOTE_RESERVE`). However, an attacker can front-run a user's `buyShares` transaction by calling the `sync` function, which updates the reserves to match the current balances. This results in the user's transaction seeing no difference between the reserves and the current balances, leading to zero shares being allocated.


## Impact
This vulnerability can be exploited to prevent legitimate users from acquiring shares in the pool, despite depositing their tokens. It undermines the fairness and functionality of the share distribution mechanism, potentially leading to loss of trust and reduced participation in the pool.


## Code Snippet
- **Location of Issue**: [GSPFunding.sol#L31-L82](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L31-L82)
- **Relevant Code Section**:
  ```solidity
  function buyShares(...) public {
      ...
      baseInput = baseBalance - baseReserve;
      quoteInput = quoteBalance - quoteReserve;
      ...
  }
  ```
  - **Sync function**: [link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPVault.sol#L135-L137)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Rewrite `buyShares` function. Approve current contract to spend tokens of behalf of `msg.sender`. Transfer from msg.sender needed amount of both tokens. And based on this amounts calculate `shares`