Massive Fern Bobcat

high

# Breakage in Mathematical Logic Due to Excessive Oracle Price in `GSP.sol`

## Summary
In the `GSP.sol` contract, setting the oracle price `_I_` to a value significantly higher than `10**18` can disrupt the mathematical calculations in the `DecimalMath` library. Specifically, if `_I_` is set to `10**36`, it leads to incorrect results in the `buyShares` function when calculating shares, especially when the total supply is zero.


## Vulnerability Detail
The `GSP.sol` contract allows setting the oracle price `_I_` with the constraint that `i <= 10**36`. However, using a value like `10**36` can cause issues in the `DecimalMath.divFloor` function used in the `buyShares` function of `GSPFunding.sol`. The `divFloor` function multiplies the target by `10**18` before dividing by the divisor. If the divisor (in this case, the oracle price `_I_`) is too high, such as `10**36`, the division may result in zero, leading to incorrect share calculations.


## Impact
This issue can lead to significant inaccuracies in share allocation, particularly for the first buyers in the pool. It undermines the reliability of the share distribution mechanism and can lead to financial discrepancies in the pool's operation.

## Code Snippet
- **Location of Issue**: [GSP.sol#L55-L56](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L55-L56)
- **Relevant Code Section in `DecimalMath`**:
  ```solidity
  function divFloor(uint256 target, uint256 d) internal pure returns (uint256) {
      return target * (10 ** 18) / d;
  }
  ```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Modify the DecimalMath library to accept the decimal places as a dynamic parameter in each function. This change will allow the library to handle a wider range of divisor values accurately.
Implement additional checks in the GSP.sol contract to ensure that the oracle price _I_ is within a range that the DecimalMath library can handle without causing calculation errors.
By making these changes, the contract can maintain accurate and reliable mathematical operations regardless of the oracle price set, ensuring the integrity of its financial logic.