Obedient Glass Salmon

medium

# if baseInputRatio == quoteInputRatio, there will be no `mintRatio` in GSPFunding.buyShares(), this will affect the shares minted for users.

## Summary
The issues lies in the logic of GSPFunding.buyShares() as it misses an edge-case scenario when calculating `mintRatio`.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 uint256 mintRatio = quoteInputRatio < baseInputRatio ? quoteInputRatio : baseInputRatio;
```
The issue is that baseInputRatio  could == quoteInputRatio, this is very possible when users transfer equal amount of baseToken and quoteToken. 

Like take for example Dai and USDT pair which both have relatively the same value with USD $.  Users could always decide to split their funds equally among the duo when buying shares. 

Now since `mintRatio` value is gotten based on the inequality of quoteInputRatio and baseInputRatio, this could cause issues, as it will have null value.
## Impact
Shares minted to users will be affected whenever  baseInputRatio == quoteInputRatio. 
Medium severity due to this scenario being an edge case scenario.

This is an edge case scenario that is possible.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L65-L76
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
before calculating `mintRatio` [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L69), check if baseInputRatio == quoteInputRatio. Then assign any of their values to `mintRatio`. This ensures that `mintRatio` always has a value.