Massive Ivory Lion

high

# Manipulating the ratio of reserves results in financial losses for users

## Summary
The attacker can manipulate the allocation of reserves within the protocol using a flash loan. When a user calls `buyShares()` to add liquidity, this malicious manipulation results in the user minting fewer shares than anticipated, causing financial losses for the user. Meanwhile, the attacker can exploit this situation by executing `sellShares()` after `buyShares()`, thereby profiting from the manipulated state of the reserves.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `GSPTrader.flashLoan()` allows a user to borrow base and quote assets.
The protocol allows the repayment of only one type of asset, but it imposes a condition that the balance of the chosen asset must be greater than the specified reserve.
```solidity
      uint256 baseBalance = _BASE_TOKEN_.balanceOf(address(this)) - _MT_FEE_BASE_;
        uint256 quoteBalance = _QUOTE_TOKEN_.balanceOf(address(this)) - _MT_FEE_QUOTE_;

        // no input -> pure loss
        require(
            baseBalance >= _BASE_RESERVE_ || quoteBalance >= _QUOTE_RESERVE_,
            "FLASH_LOAN_FAILED"
        );

```

 If the balance of the base asset falls below the base reserve, the protocol calculates the corresponding amount of base tokens based on the excess quote tokens. It then checks whether the calculated amount is greater than the deficit needed to meet the base reserve, 
```solidity
 if (baseBalance < _BASE_RESERVE_) {
            uint256 quoteInput = quoteBalance - uint256(_QUOTE_RESERVE_);
            (
                uint256 receiveBaseAmount,
                uint256 mtFee,
                PMMPricing.RState newRState,
                uint256 newQuoteTarget
            ) = querySellQuote(tx.origin, quoteInput); // revert if quoteBalance<quoteReserve
            require(
                (uint256(_BASE_RESERVE_) - baseBalance) <= receiveBaseAmount,
                "FLASH_LOAN_FAILED"
            );
            
            _MT_FEE_BASE_ = _MT_FEE_BASE_ + mtFee;
            
            if (_RState_ != uint32(newRState)) {
                require(newQuoteTarget <= type(uint112).max, "OVERFLOW");
                _QUOTE_TARGET_ = uint112(newQuoteTarget);
                _RState_ = uint32(newRState);
                emit RChange(newRState);
            }

```
Conversely, if the balance of the quote asset is less than the quote reserve, a similar process occurs with roles reversed.
Afterward, the function calls the `_sync()` function to synchronize the reserves of the pool. It assigns the value of `baseBalance` to `_BASE_RESERVE_` and the value of `quoteBalance` to `_QUOTE_RESERVE_`

The function `buyShares()` allows users to buy shares in the liquidity pool by providing base tokens and quote tokens. And, the number of shares minted is determined based on the provided tokens and the current state of the liquidity pool.

In a normal case, it calculates ratios of base and quote input to their respective reserves. Shares are minted to the user based on the minimum of these ratios.
```solidity

      uint256 baseInputRatio = DecimalMath.divFloor(baseInput, baseReserve);
            uint256 quoteInputRatio = DecimalMath.divFloor(quoteInput, quoteReserve);
            uint256 mintRatio = quoteInputRatio < baseInputRatio ? quoteInputRatio : baseInputRatio;
            // The shares will be minted to user
            shares = DecimalMath.mulFloor(totalSupply, mintRatio);

```
In this scenario, there is an attack vector. Assuming the pool has `_BASE_RESERVE_` as 10000 * 1e18, `_QUOTE_RESERVE_` as 10000 * 1e18, and `totalSupply` as 10000 * 1e18. Suppose a user is ready to deposit exactly 1000 * 1e18 base tokens and 1000 * 1e18 quote tokens by calling `buyShares()` to add liquidity. Subsequently, a malicious actor identifies this transaction in the mempool, calls `buyShares()` to add liquidity, and then invokes `flashLoan()`, borrowing 9990 * 1e18 base tokens and repaying them with quote tokens, incurring high gas fees.
Let's assume, for simplicity, that we ignore various fees. After the flash loan, the reserves are updated to `_BASE_RESERVE_` = 10 * 1e18 and `_QUOTE_RESERVE_` = 19990 * 1e18. Following this, the user's `buyShares()` transaction begins execution. The protocol calculates token ratios and mint shares based on the minimum ratio. Specifically:
baseInputRatio = 1000*1e18/10*1e18 = 100
quoteInputRatio = 1000*1e18/19990*1e18 = 0.05
As the protocol uses the minimum ratio to mint shares for the user, the user's shares are calculated as:
Shares = totalSupply*quoteInputRatio = 500*1e18
However, the user could have originally minted shares equivalent to:
Shares = totalSupply*1000/10000 = 1000*1e18

Afterward, the hacker further calls `sellShares()` to remove liquidity, where the user's obtained `baseAmount` is calculated as baseBalance * shareAmount / totalShares and quoteAmount is calculated as quoteBalance * shareAmount / totalShares. Since the `totalShares` are less than expected, `baseAmount` and `quoteAmount` will be greater than anticipated, allowing the hacker to acquire more tokens.

## Impact
Users will experience financial losses
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L122-L212
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L67-L71
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
