Shaggy Cloud Porpoise

high

# No slippage protection and late execution protection for the functions buyShares, sellBase, and sellQuote.

## Summary
The functions buyShares, sellBase, and sellQuote lack input parameters for users to minimize the impact of potential front-running, sandwich, or transaction reordering attacks.

## Vulnerability Detail
The functions [buyShares](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L31), [sellBase](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L40), [sellQuote](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/af43d39f6a89e5084843e196fc0185abffe6304d/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPTrader.sol#L79) do not provide:

* Minimum amount input parameters, allowing users to define the minimum quantity of tokens or shares they expect to receive.
* Deadline input parameters, ensuring that the submitted transaction is not executed beyond the specified deadline.

Hence, users lack any means to limit their exposure to potential front-running, sandwich, or transaction reordering attacks. 

Note: In contrast to buyShares, sellBase, and sellQuote, the function sellShares includes such parameters.

## Impact
Users risk losing assets when interacting with buyShares, sellBase, and sellQuote, especially if they fall victim to front-running, sandwich, or transaction reordering attacks.

## Code Snippet
None.

## Tool used
Manual review

## Recommendation
Consider providing min amount and deadline input parameters and validating them in the code to enhance user protection.