Great Chocolate Chinchilla

medium

# Lack of On-Chain Deadline and Slippage Protection in the buyShares Function of the GSPFunding Contract

## Summary
The `buyShares` function in the `GSPFunding` smart contract lacks critical on-chain protections, namely deadline enforcement and slippage control. This vulnerability poses significant risks, particularly when users interact directly with the smart contract, bypassing any off-chain safeguards provided by the user interface on the official website.

## Vulnerability Detail
In its current form, the `buyShares` function allows users to mint LP tokens by depositing base and quote tokens. However, this function does not include on-chain mechanisms to enforce a transaction deadline or control slippage. While the official website's user interface might offer off-chain slippage tolerance settings, these do not protect users who interact directly with the contract.

Off-chain slippage settings are pre-transaction checks and are not enforceable on the blockchain. As a result, in cases of direct smart contract interaction or delays in transaction execution, users are exposed to the risk of executing transactions with higher-than-acceptable slippage.

As can be seen in `buyShares()` below, `shares` minted/returned could be not in favor to the caller primarily due to a lower than expected `mintRatio` calculated: 

```solidity
    function buyShares(address to)
        external
        nonReentrant
        returns (
            uint256 shares,
            uint256 baseInput,
            uint256 quoteInput
        )
    {

        // [Code for calculating shares, baseInput, and quoteInput]

        if (totalSupply == 0) {
            // case 1. initial supply
            // The shares will be minted to user
            shares = quoteBalance < DecimalMath.mulFloor(baseBalance, _I_)
                ? DecimalMath.divFloor(quoteBalance, _I_)
                : baseBalance;
            // The target will be updated
            _BASE_TARGET_ = uint112(shares);
            _QUOTE_TARGET_ = uint112(DecimalMath.mulFloor(shares, _I_));
        } else if (baseReserve > 0 && quoteReserve > 0) {
            // case 2. normal case
            uint256 baseInputRatio = DecimalMath.divFloor(baseInput, baseReserve);
            uint256 quoteInputRatio = DecimalMath.divFloor(quoteInput, quoteReserve);
            uint256 mintRatio = quoteInputRatio < baseInputRatio ? quoteInputRatio : baseInputRatio;
            // The shares will be minted to user
            shares = DecimalMath.mulFloor(totalSupply, mintRatio);

            // The target will be updated
            _BASE_TARGET_ = uint112(uint256(_BASE_TARGET_) + (DecimalMath.mulFloor(uint256(_BASE_TARGET_), mintRatio)));
            _QUOTE_TARGET_ = uint112(uint256(_QUOTE_TARGET_) + (DecimalMath.mulFloor(uint256(_QUOTE_TARGET_), mintRatio)));
        }
        // The shares will be minted to user
        // The reserve will be updated
        _mint(to, shares);
        _setReserve(baseBalance, quoteBalance);
        emit BuyShares(to, shares, _SHARES_[to]);
```
## Impact
The absence of on-chain slippage and deadline protections can lead to high-impact issues:

1. **Unfavorable Execution for Direct Interactors**: Users interacting directly with the smart contract are not protected against significant slippage, leading to potentially large financial losses, especially in volatile markets.
2. **Reliance on Off-Chain Safeguards**: Sole reliance on off-chain measures provided by the website interface can be inadequate for ensuring fair and expected transaction outcomes.
3. **Advanced Knowledge Requirement**: Users need a higher level of blockchain proficiency to understand and mitigate the risks of direct contract interaction, potentially alienating less experienced users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L31-L82

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this vulnerability, the following measures are recommended:

1. **Implement On-Chain Slippage Control**: Introduce a slippage tolerance parameter within `buyShares()`. Transactions should revert if the actual slippage exceeds this predefined tolerance.
2. **Introduce Deadline Parameter**: Add a deadline parameter to the function to ensure the transaction is executed within a user-acceptable timeframe. Transactions should revert if the current block timestamp is beyond this deadline.