Bitter White Ape

high

# Excess Tokens Not Refunded For buyShares

## Summary

The exact ratio of tokens when depositing to an AMM cannot be predetirmined due to changes in reserve ratio before the transaction is confirmed. Normally, AMM's refund the "unnecessary" tokens but in DODO these tokens are not refunded.

## Vulnerability Detail

The exact ratio of tokens cannot be determined when sending tokens/adding liquidity. Even with slippage parameters, this limits the degree of ratio change to a reasonable range but does not eliminate it.

When the wrong token ratio is sent, the mint ratio is based off the lower result of minting based on quoteInput and minting based off baseInput:

```solidity
uint256 mintRatio = quoteInputRatio < baseInputRatio ? quoteInputRatio : baseInputRatio;
```

The excess of either token is not refunded. This contradicts how liquidity provision is expected to work, eg in Uniswap (all versions), curve etc. where excess tokens are refunded. This is a direct loss to liquidity providers.

The correct logic takes the minimum, then sets the other token input to match the underlying reserves ratio. Then it refunds the surplus tokens.

## Impact

The liquidity depositor is unfairly charged extra tokens when depositing liquidity.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSPFunding.sol#L31-L82

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The correct logic takes the minimum, then sets the other token input to match the underlying reserves ratio. Then it refunds the surplus tokens.