Massive Fern Bobcat

medium

# Unbounded Fee Rates in `GSP.sol` Initialization Function

## Summary
The `init` function in the `GSP.sol` contract allows setting the fee rates (`_LP_FEE_RATE_` and `_MT_FEE_RATE_`) without any upper bounds. This lack of constraints on fee rates can be exploited by a malicious caller to set excessively high fees, potentially leading to unreasonable charges for users interacting with the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `GSP.sol` contract, during the initialization process, the fee rates for LP (Liquidity Provider) and MT (Market Taker) are set. However, there are no checks to ensure these rates are within reasonable limits. A malicious actor, or even a negligent deployer, could set these rates to excessively high values, which could severely impact the contract's usability and fairness.

## Impact
Setting unreasonably high fee rates could render the contract's operations economically unviable for users. This could lead to a loss of trust and a decrease in user engagement, ultimately affecting the contract's purpose and utility.


## Code Snippet
- **Location of Issue**: [GSP.sol#L34-L97](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-dodo-gsp/blob/main/dodo-gassaving-pool/contracts/GasSavingPool/impl/GSP.sol#L34-L97)


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement upper bounds for _LP_FEE_RATE_ and _MT_FEE_RATE_ within the init function to ensure these rates are set within reasonable limits.
The bounds should be carefully chosen based on the intended economic model and user expectations. For example:
```solidity
require(lpFeeRate <= MAX_LP_FEE_RATE, "LP fee rate is too high");
require(mtFeeRate <= MAX_MT_FEE_RATE, "MT fee rate is too high");
```
